I just heard about bankruptcy, actually it is bankruptcy.
Mr. Emperor, you are actually a member of Mr. Long Di.
What did you say?
What is this? I was wrong.
Big mistake. Since I regard you as a member of the Zhou family,
This is the same as without Chinese,
The teachings and policies are the same.
Let me first start with the fact that all my faults are my fault alone.
I don't accept your investment as a matter of course.
But it’s not right to look after family members.
Please give me a high position and a noble family.
What's wrong with this?
Just heard about the process
Is this family really letting this kid mess around? Dad
How did you get on
Come to take care of and play
All this is because you can't afford it
I'm divorced
I also take care of the family and plan to have a baby, which is just one step away.
Allow you to recognize me as a real adult
Half and half with Guoyu
What is it about taking care of the sinners at home?
Learning is impossible
Just a woman
Remember first, don’t remember
A day in the life of my protagonist, I’m just a dog
You are a bitch